General Su shredded the holy thread
Received gifts
Are you against it?
I dare not
The public servant saw that he was not kneeling.
Are you against it?
Slaves deserve to die.
It's worth dying for.
To Lady To Yen Nhi palace in front of many dignitaries disturbing the marriage of Su family.
What if I could give you a wedding party?
I don't dare.
Cheap women don't dare
The daughter-in-law is wrong.
The daughter-in-law doesn't dare anymore.
May the princess have mercy.
Master Zhou, you said I would call the emperor directly.
Now the saint is here.
Why don't you join this palace?
They dare not.
Please forgive me, Princess.
Master Wu, I told you, wait for me to get down on my knees.
You don't deserve it.
Are you against it?
No objection.
Hosted by Trinh
As I said, they're all ants.
Not in my eyes.
Are you against it?
They know wrong.
Please punish the princess.
Lord, I say I will let you bow down.
over ten thousand people.
Are you against it?
Your Majesty, please obey.
The whole city.
They're all ants.
Are you against it?
You and I sincerely persuade absolutely no objection.
No objection.